ERROR: You need to use a file as an argument for this program.
ERROR: Invalid argument.
ERROR: Invalid parameter identifier.
ERROR: Invalid window resolution parameter.
ERROR: Resolution parameter must receive only two integer values, for width and height.
ERROR: Values must be separated exclusively by spaces.
ERROR: Light intensity value must be between 0.0 and 1.0.
ERROR: Light parameter should receive four parameters, one intensity value and three RGB values.
ERROR: RGB value must be an integer between 0 and 255.
ERROR: You cannot have more than one window resolution parameter.
ERROR: You cannot have more than one ambient light parameter.
ERROR: Camera FoV value must be an integer between 0 and 180.
ERROR: Camera view point parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates (e.g. 0.0,0.0,20.6).
ERROR: Camera orientation vector parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates between -1.0 and 1.0.
ERROR: Coordinates must be entered as a decimal nmber (e.g. 10.5).
ERROR: Scene light parameter should receive one set of X,Y,Z coordinates, one intensity value, and one set of RGB values.
ERROR: Scene light intensity value must be between 0.0 and 1.0.
ERROR: Sphere parameter should receive one set of X,Y,Z coordinates, one diameter value, and one set of RGB values.
ERROR: Sphere center point parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates (e.g. 0.0,0.0,20.6).
ERROR: Plane position parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates (e.g. 0.0,0.0,20.6).
ERROR: Plane parameter should receive one set of X,Y,Z coordinates, one set of 3D normalized orientation vector values, and one set of RGB values.
ERROR: Plane 3D normalized orientation vector values must be between -1.0 and 1.0.
ERROR: Square parameter should receive the following values: X,Y,Z center coordinates, one set of 3D normalized orientation vector, side size, RGB colors.
ERROR: Square center point parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates (e.g. 0.0,0.0,20.6).
ERROR: Square 3D normalized orientation vector values must be between -1.0 and 1.0.
ERROR: Cylinder position parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates (e.g. 0.0,0.0,20.6).
ERROR: Cylinder parameter should receive the following values: X,Y,Z coordinates, one set of 3D normalized orientation vectors, diameter, height, RGB colors.
ERROR: Cylinder 3D normalized orientation vector values must be between -1.0 and 1.0.
ERROR: Triangle position parameters must be passed as X,Y,Z coordinates (e.g. 0.0,0.0,20.6).
ERROR: Triangle parameter should receive three sets of X,Y,Z coordinates, and one set of RGB colors.
ERROR: Scene file must have a .rt extension.
ERROR: error in malloc() on memory allocation.
ERROR: W parameter of a tuple can be only 1 for a point or 0 for a vector.
ERROR: W parameter of a tuple can be only 1 for a point or 0 for a vector. You cannot add two points.
ERROR: W parameter of a tuple can be only 1 for a point or 0 for a vector. You cannot subtract a point from a vector.
ERROR: W parameter negate_tuple output can only be 0, 1 or -1;
ERROR: Normalized color parameters must be between 0 and 1;
ERROR: Determinant value is zero, resulting in a singular matrix i.e. a matrix that cannot be inverted. Please retry with a different input value.
ERROR: Failed to create .bmp file.
ERROR: Failed to write .bmp file.
ERROR: Specular value must be between 0.0 and 1.0;
ERROR: Shininess value must be between 0.0 and 500.0;
ERROR: Reflection value must be between 0.0. and 1.0;
ERROR: Raytracing recursion limit (i.e. number of ray "bounces") must be between 0 and 12. Do you really want to sit here and wait forever for the render?
ERROR: Material property values must be entered as such: Specular 0.0 to 1.0, Shininess 0.0 to 500.0, Reflectivity 0.0 to 1.0, in that order.
ERROR: Please insert square side length value.
ERROR: Please insert sphere diameter value.
ERROR: Please insert cylinder diameter value.
ERROR: Please insert cylinder height value.
ERROR: Check if your number of parameters is correct. (Tip: It's probably height, size, diameter or light intensity ^_~ ).
ERROR: You set a value that cannot be negative as negative.
ERROR: Input file not found.
ERROR: Output window height and/or width is zero. I can't draw anything on a window that doesn't exist.